update: improve docker self hosting documentation (#27974)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/self-hosting/docker.mdx

The default password is `your-super-secret-and-long-postgres-password`. You should change this as soon as possible using the [instructions below](#update-secrets). By default the database is not accessible from outside the local machine. You can [change this](#exposing-your-postgres-database) by updating the `docker-compose.yml` file.

> You will also likely want to connect to your postgres database via an ORM or another direct method other than `psql`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also likely want to connect to your Postgres database via an ORM or another direct method other than `psql`.
```

> For this you will use the following URL which uses connection pooling by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this you can use the standard Postgres connection string.
```

As far as I understand, this is the standard connection string and you won't get connection pooling with it. Any reason to believe otherwise?

docker compose up -d
```

> {/_ supa-mdx-lint-disable-next-line Rule004ExcludeWords _/}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{/* supa-mdx-lint-disable-next-line Rule004ExcludeWords */}
```
